Hold on. It's just connecting to record.
Alright. We are recording.
K. Thank you. Hi, everyone.
It's 704.
I'm calling to order the 02/21/2023
special meeting of the Vancouver Connecticut Board of Education.
Thank you all of you for being here
>> and for giving up your evening to serve Gonzalo.
Please stand for the pledge of allegiance.
Thank
you.
There's is there any public available?
Nope. No public comment.
Communications,
>> does anyone have any to share?
I do not. Hearing none,
we need a motion to go to executive session.
>> We invite Valerie. Any executive session is for the purpose of discussion,
>> possible action regarding attorney, client communication,
recommendation
regarding
proposed community center.
>> Do I have a motion? I'll make a motion. Thank you. So I'll second it.
Shannon second it.
Time is
07:05.
07:04.
Yep.
O four.
You can pause the recording.
We're coming out of the executive session at
07:50.
>> I'm gonna make a motion that we decide upon
as an action to the request
>> of the board of selection through Eric
Anderson.
In support of Connecticut general statute 10 dash two point, I motion that we keep all legal and existing property
and deed lines for the school
and town
all intact
>> and work collaboratively with the town on all decisions regarding
the building of the proposed community center
through both open communication
and the use of memorandums of understanding.
Do I have a second? Second. Thank
you.
All in favor? Say aye. Aye.
Any opposed?
Any extension?
Passes 500.
>> Thank you, everyone, for being here. Thank you, Travis. Thank you.
I'll make a motion to adjourn. Second.
All in favor, say aye. Aye. Any
opposed?
Any extensions?
>> We're done. Okay. Thank you, Jeremy. Thanks
for coming here.